SONG: Sleeping
[…]
EAMON: How long’s this session?
GIRL: 24 hour lock in.
EAMON: Fuck me. Right, well let’s get started!
GUY: Okay. So you’re with me from the start. Billy, Svec, Andrej you’re in on the second
verse—I’ll give ya a nod. And we know what we’re doing, right?
GIRL: Right.
SONG: When Your Mind’s Made Up
EAMON: Wow. That was nice. Did you write that?
GUY: Yeah.
EAMON: Wow. (The GUY turns to girl. SHE’s smiling at him. It was wonderful.) Take a
breath, we’ll go for another one.
(A lighting change. Suddenly the girl is alone at the piano.)
SONG: The Hill
GUY: Hey.
GIRL: Hi—are you doing okay?
GUY: Yeah. It’s all good.
GIRL: It sounds great.
GUY: Real nice people too, hey?
GIRL: It will be hard to leave.
GUY: Jesus, you’re always trying to get rid of me! You mustn’t like me!
GIRL: I like you. You know I like you.
GUY: That’s all right then. (He takes her hand. There’s a moment where it looks like
they’ll kiss but SHE lowers her head.)
GIRL: My husband called. He is coming back to Dublin and we will try to work things
out.
GUY: That’s great news.
GIRL: We’ll see.
GUY: You’ll be grand. It’ll all be great.
GIRL: Are you okay?
GUY: Jesus I don’t know what you’re doing…!
GIRL: What do you mean?
GUY: You’ve given me a new life and you’re a part of that life and you’re just pushing
me away…
GIRL: You have someone too!
GUY: Well maybe I do—I don’t know yet—but that’s not important…!
GIRL: It is unfinished between you.
GUY: And so what?!
GIRL: You cannot walk through your life leaving unfinished love behind you! You have
all this heart in these songs and it is because of this girl in New York. It is for you and
your love that we make this tape.
GUY: But what about us and this moment! Isn’t this unfinished?
GIRL: But we haven’t started anything. (A slight pause.)
GUY: No. Well it feels like we’ve started. (A slight pause.) Fuck I’m saying this to you
now ‘cause maybe I’ll never get the chance—but you’ve turned love around for me and
you’ve done it in five days. And yeah I wrote these songs at another time for another girl
but when I sing it’s for us, it’s you I see in the songs…
GIRL: I don’t want you to talk like thatQ
GUY: Why not?!
GIRL: Because it cannot be about that! (A pause.)
GUY: Okay fine.